Hey, are you talking nonsense with him?
I'll tell you what.
Get me 1 million in three days
Otherwise, you will see through the fate of your daughter
I can guarantee it.
She's even worse, you know?
Let's go mom
OK
Xiaodi Xiaodi
Dad?
Why are you here?
Even if you leave and settle down, you are still my flesh and blood
You live on
Why can't I see it?
Hey this
How did this happen?
Didn't the doctor say it's okay?
What happened to Takako and his mother just now?
Same thing today.
Okay, today's dish?
I told you to watch the lady
Where have you all been?
Did you know that what the lady just guessed is
Mr. An, we were wrong. Get out
Get down, get down, and don't get out when you see death
Dad?
It doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter
I thought so
Dad?
Their mother and son are here this time
Let me find Luo Tian of the Gao family